C) They do not know what to do with their very sharp brains.
D) The author believes that the maps are works of art that give information about London’s destruction in World War II.
A) Over the last four years, NASA's rover, Curiosity, has collected samples and taken photographs of Mars’ surface which have revealed evidence of water but has not confirmed evidence of life.
B) Antarctica
B) A more simplified and interesting description about social distancing.
A) methods to improve your stamina quickly.
C) encourage people to live a healthy lifestyle.
D) Mr. Clark will give these antiquities to the police.
A) A healthier life requires various small changes to diverse aspects of our life, such as diet, exercise and so on.
B) Families may fight with each other or work together depending on the circumstances.
A) People think DMV is pragmatic.
C) A travel book.
B) All the buildings in this villa complex have harsh edges.
C) can do more processing than a supercomputer.
D) DIT has negative correlation with weight gain.
C) Steel-cut oats differ from Scottish oats in their different ways of production.
C) It has genes that are beneficial to recovery.
C) presenting conclusion and supporting evidence.
C) To uninstall the wireless adapter on your computer.
C) introduce two kinds of microorganisms responsible for fermentation.
B) with high-frequency and intermittence make dogs uneasier
A) The receiving computer can determine whether or not the package is intact all by itself.
A) To call for the action to combat global warming.
A) Unlike baking soda which extends the leavening process, baking powder can accelerate the process.
B) reduce bees’ fertility rates.
D) is not as acute as once thought by farmers.
C) supports that treatable animals should not be euthanized
D) Cotton price will decrease with the spread of Fusarium wilt disease.
C) 50% California grape growers in coastal areas
C) To give information.
D) To create better networks of public transportation.
C) Giving some suggestions to make stricter driving law.
B) slow down the rate of its development.
A) To make sure that you get enough nutrients, you should focus on eating a few specific kinds of foods.
B) People around the world who were interested in this play were able to enjoy it after it became successful.
B) The famous work of Ernest Hemingway-A Farewell to Arms-describes the Italian campaign after the First World War.
D) A definite thesis is necessary for explicatory essay.
B) The change of politics given by televisions.
D) They seldom used sedge root in their work.
A) To introduce melatonin.
D) Money is related to civilization.
B) The virus will be delivered by blood.
C) increase the length of essay
C) Adding information to other data they have collected.
B) His abilities were evident at a young age.
A) To introduce a new academic subject to us.
A) Essays are basically what your lecture has said throughout the course.
A) Art is a difficult and complex form to explain.
C) Excise taxes are levied on goods produced and consumed in one country, while tariffs apply to imports.
D) was significantly larger than the site today.
C) English has become the dominant language of international communication.
D) to discuss the varying views about the start and end of World War II.
D) Sought an explanation of why certain sex ratios exist and remain stable.
A) to find out if there was water on Mars.
B) Cushitic speaking people moved into today’s Kenyan territory around 2000 years ago.
C) rich countries exercise worse influence on environment than poor countries.
C) he introduced new sales practices
D) Life of immoderation is neither natural nor desirable.
C) The missing ships and planes around the Bermuda Triangle have aroused public curiosity.
D) Commercial routes over land had become blocked because of political events.
D) Terrestrial planets travel in a different direction than Jovian planets do.
C) Elements with similar chemical properties appeared in the listing at regular intervals.
C) Many useful and decorative raw materials cannot be found naturally in the Middle East but are available from neighboring regions.
E) obscures women's contributions to literature
B) Describing a method of analysis that provides information regarding the relation between the carbon dioxide content of the Earth's atmosphere and global temperature
C) cannot provide information about the nature of underlying rocks
D) present evidence that may help to resolve an apparent contradiction
B) The risk of capture for individuals in a group was the same, whether they were located in the interior of the group or on its periphery.
E) expanded the conventional view of nineteenth-century feminism
A) A totalitarian society in which citizens' "policing" of each other's actions helps to maintain the status quo.
A) To illustrate how the author believes that members of the Native American Renaissance have broadened their potential audience
D) describing and cautioning
A) The public had too strong a belief in the doctrine of progress to accept the cynicism demonstrated at the conclusion of Twain's novel.
B) suggesting an answer to a theoretical question
A) summarizing the findings of an investigation
A) there are detailed skeletal similarities in the flippers of pinnipeds
E) Present findings that qualify them
C) an account of Quine's counterproposal to one of the traditional assumptions of classical empiricism
D) comprise less than a third of all known types of spiders
C) trace elements in the silicate minerals
B) discussing different theories about the transport of plant seeds to Hawaii
B) Both mark forest boundaries.
D) To increase the society’s prosperity
D) In spaces between pieces of sediment
B) Ignored at least some of the historical roots of Afro-American poetry.
B) discuss the current state of technology in the field of biomaterials
C) The trapping of water in a sealed underground rock cavern through the action of an earthquake
D) putting various meaningful elements together in one word
C) The War of Independence exposed to many Americans the contradiction of slavery in a country seeking its freedom and resulted in efforts to resolve that contradiction.
A) Microorganisms resistant to drugs
D) compare and contrast two novels
A) level of a hormone on a field mouse’s readiness for mating
D) Focusing on those whose crimes have involved damage to persons or property
C) change the focus of a field of study
A) E-publishing has created new possibilities for writers.
B) To illustrate his view about the use of language.
A) Reviewing a historical study of the status of women in Mexico City during the nineteenth century
A) It discusses an apparent inconsistency and suggests a reason for it.
D) Difficulties surrounding laboratory production of specimens for study
A) The author presents two theories for a historical phenomenon.
D) Its results are still considered by some to be evidence for the advantages of microgravity protein crystal growth.
E) skepticism
B) students copying others’ work
D) drought
B) The artist’s inspiration came from his reflection.
D) Jupiter’s development as compared to the Sun
B) Because evidence of its ancestors is almost impossible to find.
C) To apply Roman law to their own society.
B) The number of species is constantly changing.
D) they assist in driving public issues.
C) teachers who have practical experience in a creative field
C) to highlight the potential benefits of geothermal power for Britain
B) New products are not always based on new ideas.
B) Sea snails are being carried by submarines to places where they harm other species.
C) Cathedral staff were reluctant to act too quickly.